
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               18446744073709551616                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_mem_usage                                1336772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                           2721463789213067264                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                              18446744073.709553                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                18446744073709551616                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                      nan                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                      nan                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower            0.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 18446744073709535232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.selfRefreshEnergy              0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy              6614304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total           16                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           16                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           16                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples           16                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total            16                      
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           16                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           16                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          inf                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time          inf                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs          nan                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time          nan                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples             16                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total               16                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency 17595.600000                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency          431                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency 17164.600000                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |         343                       |         453                       |         453                       |         453                       |         453                       |         453                       |         453                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |       16968                       |       14096                       |       15398                       |       14964                       |       14530                       |       17819                       |       18253                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops                    1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency 17655.600000                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency          491                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency 17164.600000                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |         403                       |         513                       |         513                       |         513                       |         513                       |         513                       |         513                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |       16968                       |       14096                       |       15398                       |       14964                       |       14530                       |       17819                       |       18253                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.000000                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.000000     18.12%     18.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.38% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     18.88% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.00% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.38% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     19.88% |    0.000000      0.12%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |    0.000000      2.62%     22.62% |    0.000000      2.12%     24.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     24.88% |    0.000000      0.12%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |    0.000000      2.62%     27.62% |    0.000000      2.12%     29.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     29.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |    0.000000      2.62%     32.62% |    0.000000      2.12%     34.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     34.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |    0.000000      2.62%     37.62% |    0.000000      2.12%     39.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     39.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |    0.000000     15.12%     55.12% |    0.000000     12.12%     67.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     67.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     67.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     67.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     67.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     67.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.00% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     68.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.00% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     69.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |    0.000000     15.12%     85.12% |    0.000000     12.12%     97.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     97.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     97.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     97.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     97.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     97.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.00% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     98.87% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.00% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.12% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.25% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.37% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.50% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.62% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.75% |    0.000000      0.12%     99.87% |    0.000000      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.000000                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization        20480                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links160.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links161.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links162.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links163.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links164.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links165.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links166.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links167.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links168.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links169.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links170.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links171.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links172.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links173.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links174.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links175.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links176.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links177.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links178.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links179.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links180.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links181.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links182.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links183.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links184.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links185.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links186.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links187.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links188.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links189.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links190.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links191.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links192.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links193.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links194.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links195.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links196.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links197.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links198.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links199.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links200.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links201.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links202.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links203.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links204.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links205.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links206.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links207.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links208.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links209.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links210.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links211.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links212.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links213.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links214.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links215.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links216.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links217.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links218.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links219.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links220.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links221.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links222.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links223.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization        20480                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |     1404928                       |      463872                       |      463872                       |      463872                       |      463872                       |     2783232                       |     2783232                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    69500928                       |    14434304                       |    15767552                       |    15323136                       |    14878720                       |   109479936                       |   112146432                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |        4096     20.00%     20.00% |        1024      5.00%     25.00% |        1024      5.00%     30.00% |        1024      5.00%     35.00% |        1024      5.00%     40.00% |        6144     30.00%     70.00% |        6144     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total        20480                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |        4096     20.00%     20.00% |        1024      5.00%     25.00% |        1024      5.00%     30.00% |        1024      5.00%     35.00% |        1024      5.00%     40.00% |        6144     30.00%     70.00% |        6144     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total        20480                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization       163840                      
system.ruby.network.int_links000.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs000.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs001.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs002.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs003.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs004.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs005.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs006.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs007.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs008.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs009.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs010.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs011.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs012.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs013.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs014.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs015.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs016.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs017.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs018.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs019.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs020.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs021.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs022.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs023.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs024.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs025.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs026.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs027.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs028.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs029.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs030.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs031.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs032.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs033.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs034.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs035.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs036.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs037.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs038.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs039.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs040.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs041.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs042.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs043.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs044.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs045.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs046.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs047.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs048.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs049.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs050.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs051.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs052.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs053.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs054.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs055.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs056.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs057.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs058.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs059.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs060.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs061.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs062.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs063.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs064.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs065.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs066.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs067.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs068.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs069.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs070.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs071.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs072.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs073.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs074.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs075.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs076.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs077.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs078.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs079.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs080.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs081.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs082.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs083.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs084.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs085.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs086.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs087.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs088.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs089.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs090.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs091.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs092.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs093.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs094.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs095.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs096.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs097.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs098.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs099.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs128.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs129.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs130.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs131.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs132.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs133.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs134.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs135.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs136.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs137.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs138.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs139.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs140.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs141.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs142.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs143.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs144.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs145.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs146.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs147.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs148.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs149.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs150.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs151.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs152.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs153.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs154.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs155.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs156.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs157.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs158.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs159.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs160.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs161.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs162.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs163.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs164.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs165.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs166.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs167.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs168.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs169.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs170.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs171.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs172.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs173.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs174.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs175.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs176.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs177.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs178.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs179.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs180.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs181.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs182.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs183.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs184.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs185.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs186.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs187.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs188.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs189.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs190.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs191.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs192.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs193.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs194.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs195.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs196.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs197.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs198.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs199.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs216.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs217.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs218.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs219.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs220.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs221.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs222.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs223.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |      103168                       |       32832                       |       32832                       |       32832                       |       32832                       |      196992                       |      196992                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     4343808                       |      902144                       |      985472                       |      957696                       |      929920                       |     6842496                       |     7009152                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |         256     20.00%     20.00% |          64      5.00%     25.00% |          64      5.00%     30.00% |          64      5.00%     35.00% |          64      5.00%     40.00% |         384     30.00%     70.00% |         384     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total         1280                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |         256     20.00%     20.00% |          64      5.00%     25.00% |          64      5.00%     30.00% |          64      5.00%     35.00% |          64      5.00%     40.00% |         384     30.00%     70.00% |         384     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total         1280                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity         2560                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples           16                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total           16                      
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 18446744073709551616                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
